hey what's up everybody and welcome back
to falling from the sky cuz why not just
take them take them have them beautiful
hey what's up everybody mr. Gibbs here
and I have risen from the dead no big
deal yeah that's pretty awesome you know
because I just do that regularly but
look at this this is something new
special cuz this is a mod spotlight of
the gravestones mod an awesome newer mod
still in beta I believe there are some
bugs but it is pretty sweet our dearest
friend the real mr. Gibbs rests here may
he rest in peace that's pretty awesome
and it shows a little icon over here
dancing around and down here it shows
something we'll get into that later but
yeah let's go over to my little setup
over here so basically ya know just such
a gigantic setup over here one chest but
yeah as you can tell it adds in
gravestones and what you're gonna want
to do first off is just hit em and
you're gonna see all the ones you can
choose from so the regular cross here
for the gravestone or the classic one I
would turn and we'll see what the face
exact there yeah tombstone or just tomb
I really like this one this one's really
cool and a pillar one of my favorites I
don't know why just the skeleton the
pillar it looks really sweet and each
one of these you can see has a number at
the top one two three and four and we'll
get into that in a little bit but yeah
that's what they look like so you can
choose from there right now I have it
set the pillar so if I were to die right
now it would just set up like that and
say a random message on there alright
everybody so if you don't want to have
to go through all the trouble of
actually killing yourself in order to
get a gravestone you can just go ahead
and make one out of a tee of cobblestone
and you get this brick looking thing but
it is not a brick it is actually a
gravestone in disguise yeah I know it's
crazy and if you go ahead and slap it
down you're just gonna see the
number one here just pop up and it says
augments missing and then if you
right-click it it says the grave is
empty fantastic yeah I'm gonna show you
how to fix that because you need to type
in a certain three different things in
the commands to actually make it
workable and first off you're gonna need
to know the little numbers in the
corners one two three and four for all
the different things we'll go ahead and
do number three so all these commands
are gonna start with grave set and now
to actually choose the model you're
gonna type meta m eta3 because we want
number three and then there you go and
now as you can see oops what am I doing
here okay there we go
it says Type three now you can hit slash
and you can type in grave set and now
you're gonna want to set set the name so
type name and then I'm gonna put Gibbs
fantastic all right now it says Type
three named Gibbs now one last thing
which starts off with you guessed it
grave set and then message now you're
gonna type your message spaces are gonna
be the little underscore things just a
little line underneath so let's type
mr. Gibbs the most intelligent message
ever written yes I know alright so now
we can go ahead and look in our
inventory here and we have them type
three name Gibbs and message this diff a
mr. Gibbs fantastic alright now we can
go ahead and slap that baby down and
look at that that was a nice baby look
at it it's fantastic and we can
right-click it and it says everything we
wanted to say my name and then the
message and fantastic I know it's just
yeah and of course you can set it to any
gravestone you want just change the
number from three to one two or four and
there you go oh also on a side note
if you put down a grave and you smack
the out of that it'll get you some
bones and every once in a while if you
are lucky a Steve head will pop out I'm
not a very lucky person though so it's
not gonna happen so don't count on it
don't count on it all right back to the
video I was never here run go
so guys also if you go down here as you
could see my little gravestone before it
says get items and that happens when you
uh when you die at a gravestone and it
doesn't really do anything you can click
the out of that thing and it won't
actually do anything your stuff will
still drop on the ground but eventually
this is plane to actually be like a
death chest all your stuff goes in here
and you click get items and you get it
all back and that's gonna be sweet
because I yeah your chute won't scatter
everywhere which is always lovely and
yeah it's also good for things like if
you're on a server and you want to see
how much all of you and your friends
died if you do die a lot it is a good
way to keep track and yeah that's pretty
much all I have to show you for this
amazing mod I like it it's a little
touch but you know minecraft doesn't
always need a ton of tweaking and yeah
so thanks for watching everybody I hope
you enjoyed it have a fantastic day bye